question:when is groundhog day  answer:Groundhog day is on 2nd February.    fact:February 2
question:who is the florida swimmer who just won swimming medals    answer:Jenny Thompson is the Florida swimmer who just won swimming medals.  fact:Jenny Thompson
question:when is valentine  answer:Valentine is on February 14.     fact:February 14
question:who was the scientist who discovered pangea    answer:Alfred Wegener was the scientist who discovered Pangea.  fact:Alfred Wegener
question:how many lobes are in the right lung?  answer:There are three lobes in the right lung. fact:Three
question:what county is oxnard  answer:Oxnard is in Ventura County. fact:Ventura County
question:amo hebrew meaning answer:In Hebrew, the meaning of Amo is strong, carried or brave.   fact:Strong; carried; brave.
question:how long after you give birth do you test positive with a pregnancy test   answer:After giving birth you test positive with a pregnancy test in 3 to 4 weeks.  fact:3-4 weeks
question:what county is french camp ca  answer:French Camp is in San Joaquin, California.   fact:San Joaquin
question:how much does it cost to replace the plumbing system   answer:It costs between $4,000 and $8,000 to replace the plumbing system.   fact:$4,000 to $8,000
question:what is the capital of austria answer:The capital of Austria is Vienna.    fact:Vienna.
question:what tool can inise to limit my kids time on wifi? answer:Parental controls can inise to limit my kids time on WiFi.   fact:Parental controls
question:should you eat before or after a workout   answer:You should eat before a workout. fact:Yes
question:what county is cameron park lake ca    answer:The Cameron Park Lake is in El Dorado County, California.    fact:El Dorado County
question:who owns omni hotels and resorts   answer:TRT Holdings owns the Omni Hotels and Resorts.   fact:TRT Holdings
question:what is the meiji emperors name    answer:The Meiji emperor's name is Mutsuhito.   fact:Mutsuhito
question:what kind of family was locke born into    answer: Locke was born in to Puritan family.    fact:Puritan
question:what is a compromised arterial blood to the brain  answer:Atherosclerosis is a compromised arterial blood to the brain.    fact:Atherosclerosis
question:pitambari name meaning answer:The meaning of the name Pitambari is Yellow garment. fact:Yellow garment
question:how much does a health unit coordinator make   answer:A health unit coordinator makes $26,820. fact:$22,642 and $41,959
question:what currency is rub   answer:Russian Ruble currency is the rub.   fact:Russian Ruble
question:who signed the code of conduct army    answer:Dwight David Eisenhower signed the code of conduct army. fact:Dwight David Eisenhower
question:can potatoes cause constipation    answer:No, potatoes can not cause constipation. fact:No
question:lihue hawaii average daily temperatures    answer:The average daily temperature of Llihue Hawaii is 24.2 degrees Celsius.      fact:24.2 degrees Celsius
question:what place is the minnesota twins in.  answer:The Minnesota Twins are in Minneapolis.  fact:Minneapolis
question:how much do superintendents make in georgia    answer:Superintendents make $200,000 in Georgia.    fact:$200,000
question:what bonds are broken when dna unzips  answer:Hydrogen bonds are broken when deoxyribonucleic acid unzips.     fact:Hydrogen bond
question:what is the incubation period for the leatherback turtles  answer:The incubation period is approximately 60 days for the Leatherback Turtles.  fact:Approximately 60 days
question:who is melissa reeves married to   answer:Melissa Reeves married to Scott Reeves.  fact:Scott Reeves
question:can dehydration cause stomach pains    answer:No, dehydration does not cause stomach pains.    fact:No
question:what is the airport in nantucket?  answer:Nantucket Memorial Airport is the airport in Nantucket.  fact:Nantucket Memorial Airport.
question:how old is aran bell   answer:Aran Bell is 11 years old.   fact:11-year old
question:average mailman salary answer:The average salary for a mailman is $51,390 per year.    fact:$36600
question:what does ohshas called    answer:The OHSAS is called an Occupational Health and Safety Management System  fact:OH&SMS
question:what medicine is prescribed when liver enzymes are elevated?   answer:A medicine prescribed when liver enzymes are elevated is niacin. fact:Niacin tablets
question:standard alcohol in a beer answer:Beer has 12 ounces of standard alcohol.  fact:12 ounces
question:what is the ugadi called in mangalore  answer:The Ugadi is called as Bisu in Mangalore.    fact:Bisu
question:federal income tax customer service number answer:Federal income tax customer service number is 1 800 829 1040.    fact:1-800-829-1040
question:what county is newark, ca in   answer:Newark is located in Alameda County, California. fact:Alameda
question:average cost of knee surgery   answer:The average cost of knee surgery is $40,000. fact:$40,000
question:how long is an abstract of judgment good for in texas  answer:In Texas, an abstract of judgment is good for 20 years.  fact:20 years
question:cancers that affect epithelial tissues are called __________.  answer:Carcinomas are cancers that affect epithelial tissues.   fact:Carcinomas
question:where is lake charlevoix in michigan   answer:Lake Charlevoix is in Charlevoix County, Michigan.   fact:In Charlevoix County
question:how much roth ira can i contribute 2015    answer:You can contribute $5,500 in Roth IRA 2015.  fact:$5,500
question:distance between earth and sun, km answer:The distance between Earth and Sun is 149,590,787 kilometers.    fact:149,590,787 km
question:who is the current deputy prime minister of uk answer:Nick Clegg is the current Deputy Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.   fact:Nick Clegg
question:what lobe of the cerebrum contain the visual area  answer:The occipital lobe of the cerebrum contain the visual area.  fact:The occipital lobe
question:types of slightly movable joints   answer:Fibrous joints are a type of slightly movable joints.    fact:Fibrous joints
question:is love objective or subjective    answer:Love is subjective.  fact:Subjective
question:what font is kids writing  answer:The font of kids writing is DN Kid Letters.  fact:DN Kid Letters
question:what size screen is the note edge  answer:The screen size of note edge is 5.6 inches.  fact:5.6 inches
question:were is the twin falls in arkansas answer:The twin falls are in Arkansas, Richland Creek.  fact:Richland Creek
question:what is the most played sport in the world answer:Soccer is the most played sport in the world.    fact:Soccer
question:largest moose population in us answer:The largest moose population in United States is about 4,000.    fact:About 4,000
question:what county is grimes iowa in? answer:Grimes, Iowa is located in Dallas and Polk Counties. fact:Dallas and Polk
question:what channels does hulu carry  answer:ABC and ESPN channel do carry Hulu.  fact:ABC, ESPN
question:how long after appendix ruptures   answer:An appendix ruptures within 2 to 3 days. fact:Within 2-3 days
question:can you get in trouble for not declaring child maintenance answer:No, you can not get in trouble for not declaring child maintenance.  fact:No
question:icd code for mild cognitive disorder   answer:An Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator code for mild cognitive disorder is ICD-9-CM 331.83.   fact:ICD-9-CM 331.83
question:what months is first fridays in phoenix    answer:Every month is First Fridays in phoenix. fact:Every month
question:who makes citroen cars answer:China makes Citroen's cars.  fact:China
question:how old is donnie simpson  answer:Donnie Simpson was 42 years old. fact:42 years
question:what's the life span of a copper cable (house wire)?   answer:The life span of a copper cable or house wire is 2 years.    fact:2 years
question:does high octane gas make you go faster    answer:No, high octane gas does not makes you go faster.    fact:No
question:distance from davao city, to manila    answer:The distance from Davao city to Manila is 593 miles. fact:593 miles
question:how many pulmonary veins are there answer:There are four pulmonary veins.  fact:4 pulmonary veins
question:is signature a safeway brand   answer:Yes, a signature is a Safeway brand. fact:Yes
question:how many people speak persian  answer:Over 40 million people speak Persian.    fact:Over 40 million
question:how long to keep smoked turkey deli meat   answer:You should keep a smoked turkey deli meat for 2 hours.   fact:2 hours
question:where is 706 area code answer:The area code 706 is in Georgia. fact:Georgia
question:average cost of damage per home from termites  answer:The average cost of damage from termites is $3,000 per home. fact:$3,000
question:what is abbreviation for plural mr.?   answer:The abbreviation for plural Mr. is Mister.   fact:Mister
question:what is the kind of energy that is stored in bonds between atoms called?   answer:The kind of energy that is stored in bonds between atoms called Chemical Energy. fact:Chemical energy
question:what amount is sufficient for ssa quarter  answer:The amount sufficient for the Social Security Administration quarter is about $6,200.    fact:About $6,200
question:laminate flooring installation cost home depot answer:The cost for laminate flooring installation for home depot is $397.  fact:$397
question:what county is st claire md    answer:St. Claire is in Anne Arundel County, Maryland.  fact:Anne arundel county
question:howard stern is from where answer:Howard Stern is from New York.   fact:New York
question:deductible investment management fees for iras answer:The fees for the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore, deductible investment management is $10,000.     fact:$10,000
question:where is rosemont il   answer:Rosemont is in Cook County, Illinois.    fact:Cook County
question:what are the vessels that carry blood away from the heart  answer:The arteries carry blood away from the heart.    fact:Arteries
question:average pay for senior technical writer    answer:The average pay for Senior Technical Writer is $77K per year.    fact:$77K per year
question:who was the edsel car named after  answer:The Edsel car was named after Ford.  fact:Ford
question:when does lion king come out of vault  answer:The Lion King comes out of vault in 2011.    fact:2011
question:what county is frankfort in in answer:Frankfort, Indiana is in Clinton County.     fact:Clinton County
question:how much of fare to uber drivers get   answer:Uber drivers get $1. fact:$1
question:malachi name meaning irish answer:The meaning of the name Malachi is Servant in Irish. fact:Servant
question:what county is shaker heights located in?  answer:Shaker Heights is located in Cuyahoga County.    fact:Cuyahoga
question:how long is an average pregnancy   answer:An average pregnancy last for 40 weeks.  fact:40 weeks
question:gabriel barbier-mueller net worth  answer:Net worth of Gabriel Barbier-Mueller is $150 million.    fact:$150 million
question:which continent is turkey on   answer:Turkey is situated in Europe and Asia.   fact:Europe and Asia
question:what compound directly provides energy for cellular work?  answer:Adenosine triphosphate is a compound that directly provides energy for cellular work.    fact:ATP
question:blood returns from which areas of the body by way of the superior and inferior vena cava   answer:Blood returns from the heart by way of the superior and inferior vena cava.  fact:Heart
question:how long does it take to do a glass tile backsplash    answer:It takes one day to do a glass tile backsplash.  fact:One day
question:cost per square metre for renovation   answer:The average cost to renovate a house is $1600 per square meter.  fact:$1600
question:how many quarter stick of butter in one pack   answer:There are 4 quarter stick of butter in one pack. fact:4
question:what is recovery time for a knee replacement   answer:The recovery time for a knee replacement is six weeks.   fact:Six weeks
question:what date was north carolina admitted to the union answer:North Carolina was admitted to the union on November 21, 1789.   fact:November 21, 1789
question:what county is des milwaukee wi in answer:Des Milwaukee is in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin. fact:Milwaukee
question:how much tramadol is safe to take in one day   answer:It is safe to take 450 milligram of tramadol in one day. fact:450 mg
